it's Detra they buy Shula it's an
uncoupling membrane and what this does
is you cement this with this stuff pop
onto the plywood with a polymer modified
thinset I'm going to be using in this
case 253 lat of Crete gold and the
traveler using is this one here
it's 1164 by lemon 64 square knot strap
and this is actually a shrewd etroesch I
would recommend so membrane and when you
film a tile on this membrane use an
unmodified thinset and the reason you do
that is because the tile when it's
installed on this doesn't actually the
things that doesn't actually adhere to
this plastic it gets locked in to these
waffles here which I might have like a
dovetail I don't really see it but it's
like a dovetail in here so what happens
is one that dents that cures it gets
locked into these walls and because
there's these ridges behind here what
that done couples the floor from the
tile floor from the subfloor so if
there's any movement in the plywood or
whatever lateral movement and will not
transfer
the Detra to the time because these boys
the Dietrich and deform and luck
transfer the tile I mean the movement to
the that's how that works
there's a very good system and I've used
it for years and years and years and
I've never had a problem with it just
want to make sure when you put this down
they use a good quality polymer modified
thinset to adhere the D trust to the
subfloor these comes in this was left
over from a 150 foot rolls they come in
50-foot rolls they come in 150 foot
rolls and they come in 340 or 330 foot
rolls so that's what I'm gonna do now